---
layout: post
title: The Saturday Party
category: news
tags: news
figure: /img/glashaus.jpg
permalink: "/the-party/"
---
{% include post-header.html %}

As always we'll feature social events on all nights surrounding JSConf. Check the [schedule overview](/rough-schedule/) for more info on the Friday and Sunday party. For the Saturday night event there are a few more things to say, though:

Right after the event, we'll have a **grand dinner** at the conference venue. Really, **everything all night will be in roughly the same space** – so, no need to go back to your hotel, house, etc. as far as we are concerned.

At 9pm the real fun starts. We'll move over to the Glashaus (which you'll be familiar with because that is where our "Side Track" will have been all day).

You'll find 3 rooms:

  1. A lounge. We'll serve drinks here and will try to keep the music at a level where you can pleasantly talk to each other. Fingers crossed.
  2. The stage (behind the lounge)
  3. Our side track. We will use this as an overflow room and live stream the performances from the stage in case you'd like a little more space for yourself.
  4. [weather permitting] You can hang out outside.

**Drinks (except hard alcohol) are free**. Knowing that, it might be a good time to re-familiarize yourself with our code of [conduct](/code-of-conduct/).

The schedule for our stage is:

## 9:00pm Nested Loops

**The final talk of the day!** Watch the nested loops team dive deep into [how they made the 2015 JSConf EU intro](/speakers/kahlil-boris-jan-martin-how-its-made-opening-jsconfeu.html).

{% assign video_id="lJ1kY-CSpBk" %}
{% include youtube.md %}

## 9:30pm LOOK MUM NO COMPUTER

We think we found the most JSConf compatible artist ever, check out **[LOOK MUM NO COMPUTER](https://www.facebook.com/LOOKMUMNOCOMPUTER/)**.

{% assign video_id="qUQbjMVDl-g" %}
{% include youtube.md %}

## 10:30pm to late DJs

Here late actually means about 2am, because we have another conference day to go to.

DJs: Conny, [Moritz Esyot](https://soundcloud.com/moritz-esyot), Nikolai Nonsleep Spreng

VJs: [Rachel White](https://twitter.com/ohhoe), [Ruth & Sam from LiveJS](http://livejs.network/)
